In this video, we are going to see basics of this engine testing framework.
The diesel engine framework is chosen by many people over tuning.
So in this video, we will not only see what is distant, you bring up the advantages of the unit.
Along with that, we will see how to install and setup it in the eclipse.
Let's move right out.
The first test is using testing as well.
We'll see how to write multiple test cases using testing.
What is testing?
Testing is a testing framework that overcomes limitations of other testing framework and hence it is
called as best in next generation framework.
So most of the Selenium users nowadays use and prefer SD and G, although g unit because of its many
advantages and there are so many features of testing G which we are going to see in this review.
So major advantages of testing G over g unit are we can use annotations which are more easy to understand.
We can use grouping of test cases easily, which will add to the flow of execution.
We can also use parallel testing using test and g ambitions.
Why do we need best energy in Selenium or APM or any type of testing framework?
Benson Chicken use can be used to generate reports based on our Selenium test cases.
The driver has no native mechanism for generating reports, so any or any tool which is for automation
like Selenium or app view, they don't generate reports easily.
So we need to have a framework which can generate reports for our best pieces.
So we are using test that SMG can generate reports in a remote readable format.
The test in G is used to generate three types of reports and which is very well understandable at the
end of the test.
So different.
Our test simplifies the way the tests are reported.
That means there is no more need for a static main method in our test.
The sequence of action is regulated by easy to understand annotations provided by test and I will see
how we can install the test engine eclipse.
Your eclipse has opened eclipse marketplace and that search for.
Yes.
And she.
This is the latest release inside this new frame book.
So here you can find destined for Eclipsed.
And here I have already installed it.
So the showing installed.
So if it's not installed already, it means you're just installed and you can click on it and it will
install based on your eclipse.
We have installed a plug in.
We need to add the library in our project to right click on the project configure but add library.
Select this test engine next and finish.
So this will add the library here and now we can use test and.
So that is right.
Test case and see how it works.
So I'm writing this letter.
First stars.
Now I want this to be my best.
So to do that, what I'll do is I'll add animation to it.
This is destined generation.
We need to select best and you could not reunite once.
But once we select this one, it will add the import statement with the test entry packet and that the
glass is a bit different.
So let's forget that this now becomes artist.
Let's write something.
Inside this office is all right.
This is my first desk.
Now, if you want to write your duties, if again can select the desk right, click on it and run as
best it will run your desk if.
This is my first case.
It has proved that this is my first case.
This one alerted us.
Okay.
So now I want to add another test case.
Second test.
Okay.
And I want to define order for this one that I want to run this discourse about as opposed to force
and this force discussed in a second.
So what I can do is I can add priority.
So priority zero for this.
Priority one for this.
And right here.
Choice.
This is my second
chance.
Now let us run this.
All of this is from clicking on the blogs that I played as a test introduced.
I'll get to discuss with them now.
The second executed post and the first.
So this way we can refine the order.
So suppose if you want to run some some part before them each biscuit, then we can add that or.
Just to give.
Let's see.
This is an address.
We need to add something after this.
Just copy.
Paste this.
So this is this.
I want after each test.
So I'll use the annotation
before
and after.
Better.
Okay, so now let us run this and see what is the output.
Okay.
So see.
So before and after this is executed for each test?
Yes.
So if there is some part of audio visual monitoring before and after each test, guess we can articulate
and define the flow in that.
Similarly, we can add before suit and after suit, which will run after executing of the suit and before
starting the execution of the suit.
Two point.
Okay, now let us run this and see how the is.
So before test and after test, execute it before this whole trance and after this whole trance.
When taking off the suit is not executed.
I think I didn't save the chance.
Let's execute once again.
Okay.
So this is it.
In this basic building we have before class for test annotation and we can use this to define us.
Apart from this, we can use a best in that segment where we can write how we want to execute this.
So what if we can also consider different tools for that?
So let us see how to do that right click on your project and select this to convert to distance.
So this will create a sample test in G using all your classes inside the project.
S classes so you can click on this and click on source you will get to see.
So here it is a source that that has test test cases, then the class of the test cases and in this
order this will execute each class one by one.
So this is so for class level.
So in the class level, if you want to order are just getting the diffusion, then we can do it in the.
See more things in the XML because we can the test cases we can define no.
The running pattern of the test cases with the help of groups.
So in this they look into it in the future tutorials.
For now, what we have seen is we have seen what exactly this is.
We have seen how we can write the test cases, how we can do the setup of testing, and how we can define
the flow using different annotations and priority.
All of the test cases.